Your MainMenu class serves as the central entry point for your application,
managing different user flows like login, account creation, and various
role-based menus. While it appears to cover a broad range of functionalities,
there are some hidden bugs and potential issues that may only surface under
specific scenarios or through unexpected inputs. Here are some common hidden
bugs and areas to investigate:

1. Input Handling Issues Input Mismatch Exceptions: Your input handling code
uses scanner.nextInt() followed by scanner.nextLine(). If a non-integer is
entered, it triggers an InputMismatchException, which you handle by clearing
the scanner buffer. However, a persistent misuse or an invalid input format
could cause unexpected behavior or infinite loops. Whitespace and Empty Inputs:
Ensure that username and password fields are properly trimmed and validated for
empty values during login or account creation. Case-Sensitivity Issues:
Consider whether username should be case-sensitive during login or account
lookup. Solution: Validate inputs rigorously and clear the input buffer
carefully. Add checks for empty strings and handle potential errors gracefully.

2. Menu Navigation and Infinite Loops Infinite Looping in start() Method: The
start() method continuously loops while the user is authenticated or in the
login menu. If there's a failure to properly exit or an issue with state
handling (e.g., the user doesn't logout correctly), the loop might not
terminate as expected. Accidental Infinite Looping: Some menus, such as
showRoleBasedMenu(), do not have a clear path to exit the loop except by
logging out. A user might accidentally remain stuck. Solution: Add consistent
and clear navigation options to exit menus, and introduce conditions to ensure
loops terminate appropriately.

3. State Management and Authentication Stale Authentication State: If
authService.isAuthenticated() has a bug or if authService.logout() is not
called correctly, the state might become stale, causing issues like
unauthorized access or blocked sessions. Concurrent Access Issues: If multiple
sessions or threads interact with authService, ensure proper synchronization or
use a thread-safe implementation for authentication and session state.
Solution: Test different scenarios for user login/logout and manage state
changes carefully.

4. Resource Management Scanner Not Closed: The Scanner instance is not closed,
which can lead to resource leaks if not handled carefully. File Handling
Issues: If FileStorageService opens files multiple times or if ObjectMapper
accesses files concurrently without locking, it could cause unexpected
behavior. Solution: Use a try-with-resources block for Scanner or close it when
itâ€™s no longer needed. Consider synchronizing file operations or using a lock
mechanism if concurrent access is possible.

5. Data Persistence Bugs Incomplete or Corrupted JSON Files: If the application
crashes during a write operation, your JSON files (e.g., for users or work
logs) might become corrupted, leading to deserialization errors. Data
Consistency: Ensure data is consistently saved, particularly after create,
update, or delete operations. A failed save operation should have appropriate
rollback mechanisms. Solution: Add checks and error handling during read/write
operations and validate the structure of your data files.

6. Concurrency and Race Conditions Concurrent User Operations: If two users try
to modify the inventory or user data at the same time, you might encounter data
corruption or race conditions. Thread-Safety in Services: Ensure services like
UserService, OrderServiceInterface, and WorkLogService handle concurrent access
safely. Solution: Use synchronization, locks, or atomic operations where
necessary to handle concurrent data access.

7. Logic Errors in Menu Navigation Invalid Menu Choices: If a user enters an
invalid choice (like a string instead of a number), they might be repeatedly
prompted without an intuitive way to recover. Role-Based Menu Edge Cases:
Consider what happens if a user is assigned an invalid role (e.g., due to a
data issue). This could lead to undefined behavior in showRoleBasedMenu().
Solution: Add comprehensive validation for user input and handle unexpected
values gracefully.

8. Data-Related Issues in WorkLogs and User Accounts Null References: Ensure
all operations that depend on authService.getCurrentUser() check for null
references before proceeding. Date/Time Handling in WorkLogs: Ensure
LocalDateTime serialization/deserialization works correctly for all time zones
and formats. Invalid LocalDateTime values or missing fields in the JSON could
cause runtime errors. Solution: Validate input data, add null checks, and test
date/time serialization thoroughly.

9. Potential Security Issues Password Storage: The password field is stored in
plain text, which is a security risk. Consider hashing and salting passwords.
Unauthorized Access: Ensure sensitive operations (e.g., manageUsers(),
generateReports()) are only accessible to authorized roles. Solution: Implement
security best practices like password hashing and role-based access control
checks.

10. Edge Cases for Data Validation Order Processing and Inventory Availability:
When creating an order, ensure the selected MusicItem exists and has sufficient
stock. Numeric Overflow/Underflow: Validate numeric inputs for prices,
quantities, and other fields to prevent underflow or overflow errors. 11.
Performance Considerations Loading Large Files: If the JSON files grow large
over time (e.g., many users or work logs), performance might degrade when
reading or writing data. Solution: Consider pagination or use a database for
better performance.

By focusing on these potential hidden bugs and edge cases, you can ensure your
application is robust, user-friendly, and behaves as expected under various
scenarios. Testing different combinations of user actions, edge cases, and
invalid inputs will help uncover any lingering issues.
